docs: update release notes for runtime 1.4.3 (#294)
akka/akka-sdk: docs/src/modules/reference/pages/release-notes.adoc

xref:concepts:multi-region.adoc[Request-region primary selection mode]: The primary region changes when another region receives a write request. Upon a write request to an entity in a region that is not the primary it will move its primary. The new primary ensures that all preceding events from the previous primary have been fully replicated and applied (i.e. persisted) before writing the new event, and thereby guarantees strong consistency when switching from one region to another. Subsequent write requests to the primary region of the entity are handled locally without any further coordination. Write requests to other regions will trigger the same switch-over process. All other entity instances operate unimpeded during the switch-over process.

**Automatic deduplication for view updates**

> When subscribing to entities and S2S from a view, updates are now guaranteed to be processed exactly-once. This is not applicable when subscribing to topics. Additionally, a new section describing different xref:java:dev-best-practices.adoc#message-deduplication[message deduplication] strategies has been added to the best practices guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When subscribing to entities and service to service eventing, from a view, updates are now guaranteed to be processed exactly-once. This is not applicable when subscribing to topics. Additionally, a new section describing different xref:java:dev-best-practices.adoc#message-deduplication[message deduplication] strategies has been added to the best practices guide.
```

xref:concepts:multi-region.adoc[Request-region primary selection mode]: The primary region changes when another region receives a write request. Upon a write request to an entity in a region that is not the primary it will move its primary. The new primary ensures that all preceding events from the previous primary have been fully replicated and applied (i.e. persisted) before writing the new event, and thereby guarantees strong consistency when switching from one region to another. Subsequent write requests to the primary region of the entity are handled locally without any further coordination. Write requests to other regions will trigger the same switch-over process. All other entity instances operate unimpeded during the switch-over process.

****
* Akka Runtime 1.4.3

>     - automatic deduplication of views updates

Reviewer 2: I think we can add another item for the deduplication best practices documentation

Author: You mean on the section above with the hightlights right? wondered the same about mentioned this deduplication feature there with some more details and then linking to the new "deduplication best practices documentation". could be good. let me update.

Author: See what you think now.

    - improvements for use of reserved words in view queries
    - support for endpoint custom object mapper

>     - support for query parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - support for query parameters in HTTP requests
```

Author: tks. added in last commit already.
